Add TTL perf caveat on tables with multi indexes (#18205)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v23.2/known-limitations/row-level-ttl-limitations.md

- Any queries you run against tables with Row-Level TTL enabled do not filter out expired rows from the result set (this includes [`UPDATE`s]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/update.md %}) and [`DELETE`s]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/delete.md %})). This feature may be added in a future release. For now, follow the instructions in [Filter out expired rows from a selection query]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/row-level-ttl.md %}#filter-out-expired-rows-from-a-selection-query).

> - Enabling Row-Level TTL on a table with multiple [secondary indexes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/indexes.md %}) can have negative performance impacts on a cluster, including increased [latency]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/common-issues-to-monitor.md %}#service-latency) and [contention]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/performance-best-practices-overview.md %}#transaction-contention). This is particularly true for large tables (with terabytes of data and billions of rows). 

Reviewer: could we change 

> with terabytes of data and billions of rows

with terabytes of data and billions of rows, split up into multiple ranges & on separate nodes

or something of the sort

Author: Updated to include that info - please take a look!

>     - The increased latency can occur because deleting data from multiple indexes means multiple [ranges]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/overview.md %}#architecture-range) must be written to perform the deletion; these ranges may be distributed across different nodes in the cluster. 

Reviewer: Deleting from multiple ranges is also true for a table with primary indexes; so, I think it's important to highlight that more indexes = more ranges since secondary indexes don't necessarily lie in the same range and primary indexes.

I'm not sure where in that blurb sounds the best, though

Author: I've rewritten this a bit to try to incorporate your comment and make things clearer (hopefully).

PTAL and let me know what you think!

- Any queries you run against tables with Row-Level TTL enabled do not filter out expired rows from the result set (this includes [`UPDATE`s]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/update.md %}) and [`DELETE`s]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/delete.md %})). This feature may be added in a future release. For now, follow the instructions in [Filter out expired rows from a selection query]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/row-level-ttl.md %}#filter-out-expired-rows-from-a-selection-query).
- Enabling Row-Level TTL on a table with multiple [secondary indexes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/indexes.md %}) can have negative performance impacts on a cluster, including increased [latency]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/common-issues-to-monitor.md %}#service-latency) and [contention]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/performance-best-practices-overview.md %}#transaction-contention). This is particularly true for large tables with terabytes of data and billions of rows that are split up into multiple ranges across separate nodes.

>     - Increased latency may occur because secondary indexes aren't necessarily stored in the same underlying [ranges]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/overview.md %}#architecture-range) as a table's [primary indexes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/primary-index.md %}). Further, the secondary indexes' ranges may have [leaseholders]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/overview.md %}#architecture-leaseholder) located on different nodes than the primary index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Increased latency may occur because secondary indexes aren't necessarily stored on the same underlying [ranges]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/overview.md %}#architecture-range) as a table's [primary indexes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/primary-index.md %}). Further, the secondary indexes' ranges may have [leaseholders]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/overview.md %}#architecture-leaseholder) located on different nodes than the primary index.
```

Author: Updated!

>     - The contention can occur because [intents]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/transaction-layer.md %}#write-intents) must be written as part of performing the deletions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Increased contention may occur because [intents]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/transaction-layer.md %}#write-intents) must be written as part of performing the deletions.
```

Author: Much better, thanks - added!
